What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    
    A new hidden empty directory (.git) is created where commits will be stored.
    
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is an intermediate area where you can see exactly what changes will be committed before you do so. This helps you "preview" your commit to ensure that you are only including logical changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	You can use git diff --staged to compare the latest file with the staging area to ensure your commit makes sense.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	If you want to make any changes that don't involve things that must be fixed/updated (i.e. bugs, official updates) like experiemental features, you can save them without making them part of the main version of your project. Branches create a separate path to save these alternate versions.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	You can see which commits are a part of which branches. You can also see which changes are incorporated into the master branch and which you might have to merge later if, say, you wanted to add the coins feature to the main version.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Commits from each branch are merged into one branch (the one that's currently checked out). The new branch has two parents and all commits from before the branches were merged can still be accessed.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	
	Pros: It's quick and convenient to automatically merge and you don't have to review a ton of code. Cons: It's highly possible that there are merge conflicts - code that Git is not sure how to merge. You have to take the time to review conflicts individually.